We need to take a closer look at the true origins of mankind and the roots of
ancient human civilization.
And there is no better place to start than the earliest known,
or I should say documented civilization,
which is the Sumerians of ancient Mesopotamia dating back 6,000 years.
And they seem to literally show us multiple individuals flying down and being
greeted by those here on earth, as well as possible knowledge of the cosmos,
including the planets in our very own solar system.
And in this video,
I'm going to connect the dots on several key details involving the Sumerians,
the Greek gods and the myths and legends of so many civilizations,
cultures and religions that are shared across multiple continents from around
the world. Now,
let me first mentioned that human civilization does date back much earlier than
the Sumerians of 6,000 years ago. For example,
like I've discussed in other videos go Beckley tat bay in Turkey is dated to be
at least 12,000 years old, thus double the age of the Sumerians.
And this side is still a mystery.
Another example involves the rainwater erosion around the limestone bedrock and
closure of the great Sphinx of Giza Egypt,
which states it to be at least double the age of what we were taught in school
and likely to be tens of thousands of years older,
which of course raises many questions.
You may also recall articles from the recent skeletal discovery that dates
modern humans to be closer to 350,000 years old,
or 175,000 years older than previously thought yet,
despite us modern humans existing for more than 300,000 years.
We know so little about our history from even 6,000 years ago with the Sumerians
or even 4,000 years ago with the ancient Egyptians or the ancient Greeks.
Yet we have multiple shared myths and legends involving the story of creation
involving beings coming here and creating modern man as well as legends about
humans living to be hundreds and even thousands of years and age.
And I'll be discussing more details on that in just a moment,
but it's important to keep in mind that over long periods of time,
history turns into legend and legend turns into myth, but at their roots,
myths and legends have some sort of truth within them, whatever that may be.
And the telephone game is a great analogy that shows how easily and quickly
indirect communication can be corrupted.
And it cannot be overstated how significant this is in regards to what we know
about history and how it's virtually impossible for truth to not be lost
through time and translation.
So let me discuss one of the myths that are shared by more than 500
civilizations, cultures and religions from around the world,
including the Sumerians. And that is the myth of a global flood.
And this map is not exactly scientific.
It's something I made to show how widespread this legend actually is.
And most of these dots represent multiple civilizations or cultures,
but what's been commonly referred to as a myth is now considered scientific fact
at least to some degree.
And I'll give more details on that for those who are not familiar with this
information,
but thanks to modern science and data taken from ice core samples from both
Greenland and Antarctica,
we have identified evidence that the earth global sea levels have increased by
more than 400 feet since the height of the last ice age. And of course,
much of that occurred over a period of thousands of years,
but some of it happened in an incredibly short period of time,
as the evidence indicates sudden and rapid sea level change,
perhaps even as much as 30 feet in a 24 hour period,
closer to 12,000 years ago.
And I recommend that you research the younger Dryas impact hypothesis for
details on this evidence,
which is actually overwhelming and completely fascinating.
And of course I've mentioned these details in other videos,
but it has to be repeated as it demonstrates that there is actual physical
scientific evidence to back up something that was once considered a myth.
And like I mentioned, with the telephone game analogy earlier,
the facts get altered over time.
And I think that the biblical story of stating that every mountain on earth was
covered in water as a result of 40 days and nights of rainfall. Well,
to say that every mountain was underwater, isn't accurate,
but perhaps vast areas and regions were covered in water,
but the story was passed down for more than 5,000 years before the Sumerians
actually wrote about it on clay tablets.
So my next point of discussion are legends of extreme longevity,
which is something shared by the Sumerians as well as multiple other
civilizations and religions from across the world,
which is that people once lived to be several hundred years.
And even in some cases, thousands of years and age,
now this is notably discussed in the Bible, but it's also shared in Islam,
Hinduism, Dharma, or Jainism.
They all share legends of people living to be several hundred years and age and
even thousands of years and age,
but it's not just religions specific regions of the world.
Also share this legend as well. For example, Vietnam, ancient Persa,
and other places all discuss these legends now right off the bat.
Some will say that the story from the Bible of Noah living to be 950 years old
must be referring to months because 950 months equates to 79 years in
age of when he would have died. So that of course makes far more sense.
But if that's the case,
then what about those that live to only be a hundred something months in age,
which would put nearly half the biblical list at 12 years old or younger,
and even as young as nine years old when they died and somehow had done so much
in their lives as told in the stories. So that doesn't seem to make sense,
but neither does living to be 950 years old. And like I mentioned,
the Sumerians also share this legend of extreme longevity.
They documented the predelivery and God king list, which by the way,
pre means pre flood and details that tend Sumerian Kings lived to
be tens of thousands of years old.
Obviously that's a ridiculously long period of time,
but what's to say that there isn't some truth to it that perhaps at one point in
the distant past, people live to be significantly older than we do today.
I mean, we're already heading in that direction now,
aren't we look at how we've made massive leaps in stem cell research,
which is looking to be a game changer in modern medicine.
Stem cell treatment has helped athletes with various injuries and they're
calling it a possible breakthrough or game changer for people with multiple
cirrhosis.
Another example is how recently two people had their eyesight restored from stem
cell treatments.
And even early research has shown that stem cell treatment has countered
Alzheimer's development. And this is 2018 research, by the way,
we're also growing new organs on our bodies and even on the bodies of other
animals, such as mice and pigs, which is amazing. And I mean,
we were basically already living in a science fiction world and we don't really
seem to reflect on it much at the pace we're going.
It won't be long before we were replacing our own organs for new ones and using
stem cell treatment to treat our brains when they start to slow from Alzheimer's
or dementia, just think about how amazing these things are.
And this is just the beginning.
It won't be long before the human lifespan is increased significantly,
but if there is some truth to humans, once living extreme lifespans,
when there needs to be some evidence that they were advanced, well,
what most people don't know is that there is existing evidence that ancient
humans were once significantly more advanced than we were ever taught in school.
Take the great pyramid of Giza Egypt. As an example,
whoever built it seemed to know the dimensions of the earth,
and I've discussed this in other videos as well,
but the evidence is remarkably compelling.
The numbers are there and math doesn't lie for more specific details on this.
I highly recommend that you look into the work of Randall Carlson.
He discusses this in great detail and I'll include links to his YouTube and
website in the description of this video.
Also with the great pyramid of Jesus' proximity to the geographical center of
the Earth's landmass, this amazing detail is unknown to most people. And no,
I do not think that this is just a coincidence, but more than that,
it's really important to understand that we also do not know what the original
purpose was for the pyramids. Yes,
we were taught in school that they were tunes,
but there is virtually zero evidence of any kind to even suggest that
they were built for the purpose of being a tomb.
Take it upon yourself to research the great pyramid and alternative theories for
its purpose.
But clearly it was something highly sophisticated and technological.
And when you study the specifics of it, particularly the internal structure,
it becomes clear that we do not know what we're looking at.
And actually this reminds me of a quote from the beginning of the Lord of the
rings movie trilogy. And I'm a total nerd, by the way, thus,
the third age of middle earth began history became legend, legend became myth.
And some things that should not have been forgotten or lost,
and this quote is very fitting for us and the mystery of lost ancient human
civilization. So moving along,
the next point I want to discuss are the myths and legends of creation.
And this is of course found in the most common religions around the world with
legends of angels, demons, sky gods,
all coming here in some way to create modern man.
This legend is shared by the Sumerians as well.
And there are in fact seven tablets, which discuss the story of creation.
So besides the Sumerian solar system tablet,
which may indicate advanced knowledge of the solar system and the planets in it,
there's also a tablet appearing to show three individuals flying down to earth
and being greeted. I mean, what exactly is this depicting?
And there are more than one tablet showing this,
just look at these other two tablets and think for yourself,
what were they trying to tell us? You know,
if you replace words like angels, demons,
or sky gods with the word alien and most of the world's religions,
it would all start to make far more sense. Women,
even similar stories are shared by the Hopi Indians of north America and the
Aborigines of Australia,
which basically tell the same story except that they state that beings came from
underground rather than above.
But just look at the certain examples of Hopi and Aboriginal wall art,
pretty eerie depictions. And it's fascinating when you pair it with this quote,
we do not walk alone, great beings, walk beside us,
know this and be grateful. This brings me to the dead sea scrolls,
which are hidden and preserved in caves on the side of cliffs near the dead sea.
One of the things they found was the book of the Watchers within the book of
Enoch, the Watchers, how creepy is that? Nobody knows who wrote them.
But what I find particularly interesting is that whoever it was went to an
incredible extent to hide and preserve this information included in the book of
the Watchers, which was hidden in a cave on the side of a cliff,
buried in sealed jars, hidden for thousands of years. You know,
this reminds me of the Nazca lines in Peru with the waving astronaut,
which is massive and mostly appreciated from the air because it's on the side of
a mountain and there are also other depictions, but some refer to as runways.
Now this is a mystery. They don't know who made this, or when,
so in regards to creation,
if beings did come here from elsewhere to create modern man,
what they need to have knowledge of DNA and our genetics in order to do
something like that, which by the way is basically what we're already doing now.
I mean,
I shared earlier examples of how we're growing organs and we've also cloned more
than 20 species of animal. And this gets me thinking,
what if the famous lamassoure the wing bulls found in the ancient scenario
region? What if they are actually showing us what someone did now? Of course,
that sounds a bit ridiculous,
but if it were possible to genetically put your head onto the body of a bull or
perhaps maybe a horses body and some wings onto it for show, without a doubt,
I could see various world leaders jumping on that crap in a heartbeat to do it.
And now that's just a fun thought,
but of course the mainstream explanation for the wing bulls is that they're
simply mythological deities,
but it's a curious topic as they made so many of these with such high precision.
In fact, they made hundreds of them,
but it's worth mentioning just how many Sumerian tablets pick humans with wings
and in these same tablets, there are other individuals without wings.
Could this be symbolic of say someone or those that flew here in some way,
or could it simply just depict Kings who were looked at as royalty or godly if
there ever was any type of genetic modification,
they would certainly need to have knowledge of DNA. Like I mentioned earlier,
and there is some evidence to indicate that the ancients were aware of DNA and
the double helix, and also commonly referred to as the caduceus.
This also relates to various legends of the first people,
including the story of Adam and Eve and other legends from around the world and
the tree of knowledge in life.
And could this story be based from the Sumerians because they have tablets that
seem to depict something very similar.
But what I'm most curious about is the missing skeletal link in the evolution of
modern humans. Now real quick, I am not denying evolution.
There is without a doubt evidence of this within the fossil record among
primates. And in fact, hundreds of other species found throughout nature.
In fact, we even see evidence of evolution within language, within culture,
within technology. Even if we study the cosmos,
we see that everything's constantly moving. Even at the atomic level, Adams,
as an example are constantly vibrating. They are never constant.
So perhaps it's a universal law that everything is always in a state of change,
but we are discussing modern humans. And the best example,
they have a physical scientific evidence to support the theory of evolution for
modern humans. It's actually surprising just how weak it really is.
And this refers to a 2015 discovery,
which they consider to be the best example of a missing link skeleton,
but it's only five feet tall. The estimated the weight, a hundred pounds,
the brain was get this the size of an orange,
the fingers even arched in the opposite direction of humans and arts in the
direction of chimps and eights and the feet were quote similar to ours. I mean,
clearly there is a missing chapter in the development of modern day humans,
because how is it that we have so many dinosaur bones from what they say are
from 65 million years ago?
And here we are in 2018 and we have essentially zero skeletons that show
or justify the bridge of evolution to modern humans. So why the sudden jump,
why is there such a mystery involving the massive change in the size of the
brain and the cranial cavity and modern humans? Something doesn't add up now,
some of theorized as a possible explanation for the missing skeletal link of
modern humans is that while we're looking for something that's not supposed to
be there anyways,
that maybe it's related to the various interbreeding or intermixing of various
species of homosapiens, the different branches of them from long ago.
And that perhaps that just isn't supposed to be the skeleton that we're looking
for, but ultimately the fossil record is still lacking all the way around.
So why is that? Now,
what I think is a possibility is that we modern humans have been influenced from
an outside source.
That beings came here and essentially combined us with either Neanderthals or
Denisovans who knows one of those species. And perhaps we're a mix of them.
I mean, Neanderthals and Denisovans went extinct approximately 41,000 years ago.
And it's a mystery. We don't know why either of them went to extinct,
but besides our DNA similarities between Neanderthals and Denisovans,
we were also shocked to learn in just 2016 that we cannot account for a Y
chromosome link between modern males and Neanderthals. Why is that?
And although that may not be evidence of aliens intermixing with us,
it is evidence that we don't know the entire story of our ancestors.
And there are some unexplained gaps in our lineage. I mean,
if they can find evidence of evolution and primates, why not us,
but most of all, there seems to be something out of place among humans. I mean,
we're a bit crazy, don't you think?
And we don't seem to exactly fit in or appear to be part of a natural part of
this environment, because in fact, we're a plague to the planet.
We destroy everything. It's just, something feels off.
And it just doesn't make sense if all the other animals evolved and things
worked out naturally, why are we so much different? But like I said,
if there is any truth to this,
obviously beings would have had to have come here that had advanced knowledge of
DNA genomes. And although we know a lot about DNA, specifically,
the details of the chemical process,
we have not figured out the coding in its entirety.
And it's actually been described as having all the letters of a language,
but not knowing what the language actually is. And in other words,
we do have a lot to learn. So just to clarify,
I am not convinced of an alien hybrid theory. In fact,
there are other theories too, that are worth looking at,
and I'm not trying to convince you of this theory either.
I just simply think that it makes far more sense,
but this theory holds more water than some of the other explanations that have
been shared by mainstream science. And I think it's just worthy of looking at,
in further discussion with an open mind and seeking out new evidence,
but too many people seem to completely shun the possibility of aliens in any
type of conversation.
It's almost as if there's this level of not wanting it to be true,
that people in,
perhaps it could be related to organized religions and academics that all these
teachings would essentially be changed drastically if it turned out that this
was to be true.
So I think that a lot of people are just really uncomfortable with it,
but it doesn't mean that there isn't some truth to it in some way.
This reminds me of an excellent quote by Aristotle,
which is it is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought
without accepting it. So obviously, if any of this is true,
it raises so many questions and possibilities. Why did they do this?
Why did they come here? Are we part of an experiment?
Are they trying to spread intelligent life throughout the galaxy where the here
to observe us and do whatever and control us? I mean, who knows?
There are so many unknowns things that we just don't know,
but what I do know is human behavior. And if we could,
we would literally be watching other civilizations from across the galaxy,
like the best reality TV show ever that we would never get bored of. I mean,
I wouldn't be surprised if we're being observed from other intelligent beings,
whether it's from close or afar. I mean,
we have to remind ourselves that ever since 1939,
with the opening of the Olympic games,
our television waves have been broadcasted out into space in basically every
direction at the speed of light for 79 years now,
which means that any civilization that's intelligent 79 years, light years away,
which is incredibly far by the way, would know about our existence possibly.
Now some instantly just blow this off and say no spaces too far.
It's not meant to be traveled. It's impossible. But I mean,
look how much we've accomplished in the last 100 years, telephones cell phones,
internet computers, cars, airplanes, everything else. I mean,
what are we going to be capable of a hundred years from now or 500 years from
now, or a thousand years from now?
So things that we once thought were crazy and impossible turn out to be true.
So we shouldn't just say that the distance means that this is impossible,
but with all this said,
we need to take a closer look at the similarities among the different
civilizations from across the continents, including the Greek gods,
the Roman gods, the Indian gods, the Sumerian gods, and others,
perhaps the various myths from across different corners of the world,
all originate from the same thing. Anyways, guys, I'm going to close this up,
but leave a comment and share your thoughts and insight on this topic,
because obviously there's so much more information that is worthy of being
mentioned in this video that I didn't have time to fit in.
So there will be other videos in the future on this topic as well.
But I'm Jimmy, this is bright insight like and subscribe and leave me a comment.
And I have many more videos to come soon.
I should have another video up later this weekend or early next week and have
another video just a few days after that. So take care of everybody.